feat: add routes useSupportedLocalesOnly property (#6073)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/outgoing/localization.rst

In this example, if the user tried to visit ``http://example.com/fr/books``, then the locale would be
set to ``fr``, assuming it was configured as a valid locale.

> If the value doesn't match a valid locale as defined in the App configuration file, the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the value doesn't match a valid locale as defined in ``$supportedLocales`` in **app/Config/App.php**, the default
```
